I need a Django website that allows file sharing between the members. Here are the detailed requirements:

1) The user should be able to register to the website with the following information:
- First Name
- Last Name
- Company Name
- Company Logo
- Email
- Phone Number

2) If someone registers, an email should go out to the site admin so that he can approve the registration.

3) The user that registered in step #1 can only login if the site admin approves the user.

4) The dashboard for admin should allow approving or deactivating the users.

5) As soon as the registered user login, they will be redirected to the user dashboard where they can see all the previously shared files
 by them and with them (in separate tabs) and should show a button if the user wants to share a new file called "Add new product".

6) When I say "product" it's a list of documents so the "Add New Product" button basically displays a form that allows the user to submit
 the following fields:

a) Product Name
b) Select the users that you want to share this product with (will display a list of all registered and approved users from step #1)
c) List of files that are associated with this product
This upload field should allow the users to upload the files in any format and any size. The uploaded files should be protected so that it
 can only be accessed by the person the files were shared with in step b.
Field designed for c should be a repeater field which allows multiple file submission and along with a checkbox with the language "replace
 the logo with recipient's logo", if that is checked, the uploaded file should be processed and the logo from the user from b's profile
  needs to be overlaid on the top part of the file uploaded.
d) Submit button

7) Once the user hits submit button, an email should go out to the user from step 6b that a file has been uploaded for them and they can
 view them in their dashboard (in the Shared with me tab).

I need this up and running in about 7 days. I have setup a blank Django installation on PythonAnywhere which you can use for development.
